Add discretion to Regulation A6b (#1252)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

- A6) Stopping the solve:
    - A6a) The competitor releases the puzzle before stopping the solve, and stops the solve by stopping the timer. If a stopwatch is in use, the judge stops the stopwatch as soon as the competitor does this.
    - A6b) The competitor is responsible for stopping the Stackmat timer correctly.

>         - A6b1) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and the timer shows a time strictly below 0.06 seconds, then the attempt is replaced by an extra attempt. Exception: No extra attempt is required if the WCA Delegate determines that the timer was stopped deliberately, or as a result of interacting with the timer in an unusual way (e.g. making only minimal contact with the timer, not lifting their hands cleanly away from the timer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - A6b1) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and the timer shows a time strictly below 0.06 seconds, then the attempt is replaced by an extra attempt. Exception: No extra attempt is required if the WCA Delegate determines that the timer was stopped deliberately, or as a result of interacting with the timer in an unusual way (e.g. making only minimal contact with the timer, not lifting the hands cleanly away from the timer).
```
"Their" doesn't work well here as the only person in the sentence is the Delegate and the competitor is referred to in the previous sentence.

- A6) Stopping the solve:
    - A6a) The competitor releases the puzzle before stopping the solve, and stops the solve by stopping the timer. If a stopwatch is in use, the judge stops the stopwatch as soon as the competitor does this.
    - A6b) The competitor is responsible for stopping the Stackmat timer correctly.

>         - A6b1) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and the timer shows a time strictly below 0.06 seconds, then the attempt is replaced by an extra attempt. Exception: No extra attempt is required if the WCA Delegate determines that the timer was stopped deliberately, or stopped as a result of the competitor not starting the timer correctly (see [Regulation A4](regulations:regulation:A4)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - A6b1) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and the timer shows a time strictly below 0.06 seconds, then the attempt is replaced by an extra attempt. Exception: No extra attempt is required if the WCA Delegate determines that the timer was stopped deliberately, or as a result of interacting with the timer in an unusual way (e.g. making only minimal contact with the timer, not lifting their hands cleanly away from the timer).
```
